Psalm 50 a psalm of Asaph the mighty one
Psalm 50 a psalm of Asaph the mighty one God the Lord has spoken and called the
God the Lord has spoken and called the
God the Lord has spoken and called the earth from the rising of the Sun to its
earth from the rising of the Sun to its
earth from the rising of the Sun to its going down out of Zion the perfection of
going down out of Zion the perfection of
going down out of Zion the perfection of beauty God will shine forth our God
beauty God will shine forth our God
beauty God will shine forth our God shall come and shall not keep silent a
shall come and shall not keep silent a
shall come and shall not keep silent a fire shall devour before him and it
fire shall devour before him and it
fire shall devour before him and it shall be very tempestuous all around him
shall be very tempestuous all around him
shall be very tempestuous all around him he shall call to the heavens from above
he shall call to the heavens from above
he shall call to the heavens from above and to the earth that he may judge his
and to the earth that he may judge his
and to the earth that he may judge his people gather my Saints together to me
people gather my Saints together to me
people gather my Saints together to me those who have made a covenant with me
those who have made a covenant with me
those who have made a covenant with me by sacrifice let the heavens declare his
by sacrifice let the heavens declare his
by sacrifice let the heavens declare his righteousness for god himself is judge
righteousness for god himself is judge
righteousness for god himself is judge here all my people and I will speak O
here all my people and I will speak O
here all my people and I will speak O Israel and I will testify against you I
Israel and I will testify against you I
Israel and I will testify against you I am God your God I will not rebuke you
am God your God I will not rebuke you
am God your God I will not rebuke you for your sacrifices or your burnt
for your sacrifices or your burnt
for your sacrifices or your burnt offerings which are continually before
offerings which are continually before
offerings which are continually before me I will not take a bull from your
me I will not take a bull from your
me I will not take a bull from your house nor goats out of your folds for
house nor goats out of your folds for
house nor goats out of your folds for every beast of the forest is mine and
every beast of the forest is mine and
every beast of the forest is mine and the cattle on a Thousand Hills I know
the cattle on a Thousand Hills I know
the cattle on a Thousand Hills I know all the birds of the mountains and the
all the birds of the mountains and the
all the birds of the mountains and the wild beasts of the field are mine
wild beasts of the field are mine
wild beasts of the field are mine if I were hungry I would not tell you
if I were hungry I would not tell you
if I were hungry I would not tell you for the world is mine and all its
for the world is mine and all its
for the world is mine and all its fullness will I eat the flesh of bulls
fullness will I eat the flesh of bulls
fullness will I eat the flesh of bulls or drink the blood of goats offer to God
or drink the blood of goats offer to God
or drink the blood of goats offer to God Thanksgiving and pay your vows to the
Thanksgiving and pay your vows to the
Thanksgiving and pay your vows to the Most High call upon me in the day of
Most High call upon me in the day of
Most High call upon me in the day of trouble I will deliver you and you shall
trouble I will deliver you and you shall
trouble I will deliver you and you shall glorify me but to the wicked God says
glorify me but to the wicked God says
glorify me but to the wicked God says what right have you to declare my
what right have you to declare my
what right have you to declare my statutes or take my covenant in your
statutes or take my covenant in your
statutes or take my covenant in your mouth seeing you hate instruction and
mouth seeing you hate instruction and
mouth seeing you hate instruction and cast my words behind you when you saw a
cast my words behind you when you saw a
cast my words behind you when you saw a thief you consented with him and have
thief you consented with him and have
thief you consented with him and have been a partaker with adulterers you give
been a partaker with adulterers you give
been a partaker with adulterers you give your mouth to evil and your tongue
your mouth to evil and your tongue
your mouth to evil and your tongue frames deceit you sit and speak against
frames deceit you sit and speak against
frames deceit you sit and speak against your brother you slander your own
your brother you slander your own
your brother you slander your own mother's son these things you have done
mother's son these things you have done
mother's son these things you have done and I kept silent you thought that I was
and I kept silent you thought that I was
and I kept silent you thought that I was altogether like you but I will rebuke
altogether like you but I will rebuke
altogether like you but I will rebuke you and set them in order before your
you and set them in order before your
you and set them in order before your eyes now consider this you who forget
eyes now consider this you who forget
eyes now consider this you who forget God lest I tear you in pieces and there
God lest I tear you in pieces and there
God lest I tear you in pieces and there be none to deliver whoever offers praise
be none to deliver whoever offers praise
be none to deliver whoever offers praise glorifies me and to him who orders his
glorifies me and to him who orders his
glorifies me and to him who orders his conduct aright I will show the salvation
conduct aright I will show the salvation
conduct aright I will show the salvation of God
of God
of God [Music]